What do you have to start?
Don't worry lad
When I'm done, there are many people here, let's talk inside
Bao Yunan is likely to be
Are you mistaken?
He is a child of the Gao family
The Zhang family is as ugly as the enemy
Back then, I fostered the villagers in the president's office
I left a string of bracelets, which I will recognize later.
I would like to officially entrust the Black Panther Club
Check it out for me.
Is Gaurnan a high-priced water vein?
Cha will definitely help you rise
One more thing you said
I heard someone punched me in the stomach
One more butt and leave
Bring this man to me
To interrogate in person
What do you know?
I am cold
Is grandpa tea good?
What? You poor boy?
It's too early to call you grandpa
If there is a chance, I will explain it to you slowly.
Don't worry, if it's difficult, I'll investigate it clearly.
Wait for my message.
A knife!
You must pay attention to him
This person's skills are not below mine
Once he wants to keep an eye on your position
You can rule me
It's not up to you.
Zhang Jie gave you soldiers
It wasn't my turn to call the shots at the Black Panther Club.